Add docs on how to write tests when using Active Storage (#41543)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_storage_overview.md

Testing
-------------------------------------------

Use [`fixture_file_upload`][] to test uploading a file in an integration or controller test.
Rails handles files like any other parameter.

```ruby
class SignupController < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  test "can sign up" do
    post signup_path, params: {
      name: "David",
      avatar: fixture_file_upload("david.png", "image/png")
    }

    user = User.order(:created_at).last
    assert user.avatar.attached?
  end
end
```

[`fixture_file_upload`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/TestProcess/FixtureFile.html

### Discarding files created during tests

#### System tests

System tests clean up test data by rolling back a transaction. Because `destroy`
is never called on an object, the attached files are never cleaned up. If you
want to clear the files, you can do it in an `after_teardown` callback. Doing it
here ensures that all connections created during the test are complete and
you won't receive an error from Active Storage saying it can't find a file.

```ruby

> class ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase

Reviewer: Sorry, I just noticed this. `ApplicationSystemTestCase` defines `driven_by` and is generated if you don't already have an app level system test case (`bin/rails g system_test xyz`). Can you explain why this was refactored to patch `ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase` directly?

Author: Technically `ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase` defines `driven_by`, but point taken about the generator - I didn't know about that. I changed it to make the examples more consistent; I'll change the system ones back.

Reviewer: Er, yes. My mistake, I meant `driven_by` is usually _called_ on the application test case.

Will merge now. Thanks for your patience on this!

> NOTE: Using [Direct Uploads](#direct-uploads) can sometimes result in a file that uploads, but never attaches to a record. Consider [purging unattached uploads](#purging-unattached-uploads).

Reviewer: Does this link need to be updated now that the headers have changed?

Author: No, but good pickup. That refers to a separate section that was added in https://github.com/rails/rails/commit/f4c51e8660bf1771268d45325fff8378eb90698e

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/509837/117359504-1e741080-ae7d-11eb-9b6e-78955444c885.png)

Testing
-------------------------------------------

Use [`fixture_file_upload`][] to test uploading a file in an integration or controller test.

> Rails handles it like any other param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rails handles files like any other parameter.
```

```ruby
class SignupController < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  test "signup" do
    post signup_path, params: {

>       name: "Spongebob",

Reviewer: The testing guide uses names of Rails team members and contributors when referencing users. Please use these instead for consistency and to avoid any potential copyright issues.

Author: Will do. I was copying the pattern here: https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/f95c0b7e96eb36bc3efc0c5beffbb9e84ea664e4/actionpack/lib/action_dispatch/testing/test_process.rb#L11 - should I change that too? (I realise that's not in a guide, but it is in public docs)

Reviewer: Ah! Interesting. I'm a little more worried about the guides because of SEO. I don't see any policy on this sort of thing in the contributor's guide, but I would accept a change for this line as well.

Author: Updated both to be safe and consistent. https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/41543/files#diff-2f684945f008de83109c95e5234ed9c2c1cfc7abbfd55ec148b9a25d4c18c85dR11

end
```

> If you're using [parallel tests][] and the Disk service, you should configure each process to use its own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using [parallel tests][] and the `DiskService`, you should configure each process to use its own
```

folder for Active Storage. This way, the `teardown` callback will only delete files from the relevant process'
tests.

```ruby
class ApplicationSystemTestCase < ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase
  # ...
  parallelize_setup do |i|
    ActiveStorage::Blob.service.root = "#{ActiveStorage::Blob.service.root}-#{i}"
  end
  # ...
end
```

If your system tests verify the deletion of a model with attachments and you're
using Active Job, set your test environment to use the inline queue adapter so
the purge job is executed immediately rather at an unknown time in the future.

```ruby
# Use inline job processing to make things happen immediately
config.active_job.queue_adapter = :inline
```

[parallel tests]: https://guides.rubyonrails.org/testing.html#parallel-testing

#### Integration tests

Similarly to System Tests, files uploaded during Integration Tests will not be
automatically cleaned up. If you want to clear the files, you can do it in an
`teardown` callback.

```ruby
module ActionDispatch
  class IntegrationTest

>     teardown do

Reviewer: This should probably continue be `after_teardown` in case a user defines a teardown block that references an uploaded file. Also I think the example above uses `def after_teardown` when it could be using `after_teardown do` like this one.

Author: Will update. Re the block - `after_teardown` doesn't take one: https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/activesupport/lib/active_support/testing/setup_and_teardown.rb#L44

So the correct pattern seems to be to override the method and call `super`.

```

Then put a file in your fixtures directory (the default path is `test/fixtures/files`) with the corresponding filename.
See the [`ActiveStorage::FixtureSet`][] docs for more information.

Once everything is set up, you'll be able to access attachments in your tests:

```ruby
class UserTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase
  def test_avatar
    avatar = users(:spongebob).avatar

    assert avatar.attached?
    assert_not_nil avatar.download
    assert_equal 1000, avatar.byte_size
  end
end
```

#### Cleaning up fixtures

Whereas you would clean up files uploaded in tests [at the end of each test](#discarding-files-created-during-tests),
you only need to clean up fixture files once: when all your tests complete.

If you're using parallel tests, call `parallelize_teardown`:

```ruby
class ActiveSupport::TestCase
  # ...
  parallelize_teardown do |i|
    FileUtils.rm_rf(ActiveStorage::Blob.services.fetch(:test_fixture).root)
  end
  # ...
end
```

If you're not running parallel tests, use `Minitest.after_run` or the equivalent for your test framework:

```ruby
# test_helper.rb

> Minitest.after_run do

Author: I left it as is, but I also mention RSpec here: https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/41543/files#diff-e61fcdded4b6112b041ff388609c7032d09b8212ce209d67a7debc32f230d77aR1128

> Minitest.after_run do

Author: @sedubois how does this look?

Reviewer 2: LGTM

end
```

If you're using [parallel tests][], you should also configure each process to use its own
folder for Active Storage:

```ruby
class ApplicationSystemTestCase < ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase
  # ...
  parallelize_setup do |i|

>     ActiveStorage::Blob.service.instance_variable_set(:@root, "#{ActiveStorage::Blob.service.root}-#{i}")

Author: `root` is an `attr_reader`: https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/activestorage/lib/active_storage/service/disk_service.rb#L12

Making it an `attr_accessor` would be helpful for this, but it might not be a smart thing to do in general.
